c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.exe
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.deps.json
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.runtimeconfig.json
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.dll
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.pdb
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.sourcelink.json
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.dll
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/Practica2.dll
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.pdb
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:/Users/jzazo/Documents/GitHub/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/Practica2.dll
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.deps.json
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.runtimeconfig.json
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.dll
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/bin/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.pdb
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.AssemblyInfo.cs
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.sourcelink.json
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.dll
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/Practica2.dll
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.pdb
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/Practica2.genruntimeconfig.cache
/home/frampth/Documentos/Github/FP1/EjerciciosFP1/Prácticas FP/Practica2/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/Practica2.dll
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.exe
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.deps.json
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.dll
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.pdb
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.dll
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Practica2.dll
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.pdb
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica2.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\jzazo\Documents\GitHub\EjerciciosFP1\Prácticas FP\Practica2\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Practica2.dll
